= Herd

Herd a pack of Rails mongrels.
You can use it to control multiple mongrel clusters in different directories at the same time.
Herd started as a project to manage the different projects on my development machine, so that
is how it has been used and tested.

== Syntax
  herd action projectname

== Examples

=== herd help
  herd help
Show all herd options. It looks a lot like this readme.

=== herd init
  herd init foobar
Create a new entry in ~/.herd.yml for the foobar project:
  ---
  foobar:
    merbs: []
    mongrel_options: []
    rails_dirs: []
The next step is to edit this entry in a text editor,
to define your rails and/or merb directories and mongrel options:
  ---
  foobar:
    merbs:
      - ~/projects/foobar/fileserver
    mongrel_options: --clean
    rails_dirs:
      - ~/projects/foobar/backend
      - ~/projects/foobar/frontend

=== herd start | stop | restart
  herd start   projectname [extra mongrel options]
  herd stop    projectname [extra mongrel options]
  herd restart projectname [extra mongrel options]
Send a command to the mongrel cluster of each rails directory in the project.
You can optionally specify extra mongrel options that need to be added to
the configured mongrel options for this call only.

=== herd list
  herd list
List a short summary of all existing projects:
  foobar
    rails_dirs: 2
      - ~/projects/foobar/backend
      - ~/projects/foobar/frontend
    merbs: 1
      - ~/projects/foobar/fileserver
    mongrel_options: --clean

== Ideas
Turn herd into a gem
Refactor code into multiple smaller classes with their own responsibilities. A first rough divide:
* Herd (for top-level coordination and managing multiple projects)
* Project (represent one project)
* MongrelGroup (represent a number of mongrels and their configuration)
* MerbGroup (represent a number of merbs and their configuration)

== About

Author:: Wes 'Narnach' Oldenbeuving (http://github.com/Narnach)
Contributors:: Filip H.F. 'FiXato' Slagter (http://github.com/FiXato)
Website:: http://github.com/Narnach/herd
Copyright:: Copyright (c) 2008 Wes Oldenbeuving
License:: MIT license. See MIT-LICENSE for license details.
